App Reviews and Developer Activity Analysis
This project analyzes the relationship between app reviews and developer activity, aiming to understand how developer responsiveness and other factors influence user ratings.
Key Findings
Correlation between Reviews and Ratings: The scatter plot shows the relationship between the number of reviews and app ratings, but does not describe the nature of this relationship.
Average Ratings by Developer: The bar chart displays the average app rating, comparing apps with and without developer responses.
Helpful Reviews: The KPI shows the average number of helpful reviews.
Review Activity Over Time: The line chart shows the number of reviews over time.
Formulas: Formulas are provided for calculating helpful reviews and developer response.
Table of Contents
Overview
App Review Analysis
Developer Activity Analysis
Formulas
Conclusions
Overview
This project examines the connection between app reviews and developer activity. The goal is to determine if developer responses to user reviews impact app ratings. The analysis also considers the helpfulness of reviews and review trends over time.
App Review Analysis
Number of Reviews: The KPI Card indicates there are 7341 reviews.
Helpful Reviews: The bar chart displays the average number of helpful reviews.
Review Trends Over Time: The line chart shows the trend in the number of reviews over time.
Reviews-Ratings Correlation: The scatter plot shows the relationship between the number of reviews and the ratings, but does not describe the nature of this relationship.
Developer Activity Analysis
Average Rating by Developer: The bar chart compares the average ratings of apps based on whether developers responded to user reviews.
Developer Response: A formula is used to determine if a developer responded to a review.
Formulas
The following formulas were used in this analysis:
Helpful Reviews: helpful_reviews = reviews[rating] * (1 + reviews[helpful_count])
Developer Response: developer_answered = IF(NOT(ISBLANK(reviews[developer_reply])), 1, 0)
Conclusions
The visuals provide insights into review volume, review helpfulness, review trends over time, and the relationship between developer response and app ratings. Further analysis could explore the strength of the correlation between reviews and ratings, and whether developer responsiveness leads to higher and sustained app ratings.
